bunny1

Copyright (c) 2007-2009, Facebook Inc.

bunny1 is a tool that lets you write smart bookmarks in python and then 
 share them across all your browsers and with a group of people or the 
 whole world. It was developed at Facebook and is widely used there.

To install bunny1, run
   sudo setup.py build install

To get started, run the example.py script that will be under 
 build/scripts-<version>/
   b1_example.py

If you need to change the port that the server is running on (the default is
 9084), then you can use the --port option, ex.
   b1_example .py --port=8080

You can see other command-line options by running ./example.py --help

The server should then tell you where it is running.  If you visit that URL,
 you should see a help page for bunny1 that explains how to configure your 
 browser to work with the server.

If it isn't easy to run a standalone server in your environment 
 (ex. DreamHost or most other shared hosting environments), then you can 
 just use example.py or barebones.py or a similar script as a CGI.

To setup your own commands, the easiest way to start is by taking either the 
 example.py script or the barebones.py script and editing it.  example.py 
 includes a bunch of examples of the different kinds of things you can do,
 and is a good place to start reading if you're interested in what special
 features are available.  If you just want  something simple to get started, 
 the barebones.py script is the most stripped-down and straightforward, and 
 it works well if you want to just copy something and modify it to make your
 own server.

bunny1 requires CherryPy 3.1.0 or newer and python2.4 or python2.5.
bunny1 does not currently work with python2.6.

The original author of bunny1 is Charlie Cheever.  David Reiss and
 Dan Corson and Will Chen and Chris Piro and Eugene Letuchy and Luke Shepard
 and others contributed ideas and code and support.  Julie Zhuo made the
 blob bunny logo.

The original idea for bunny1 came from yubnub.org.  Ubiquity from 
 Mozilla Labs is a similar tool that is very powerful and worth checking 
 out if you are a Firefox user.

You can send feedback and bug reports to bunny1-feedback@lists.facebook.com .

    -- ccheever



